well Jennifer Austin is the deputy
director of the UN relief and works
Agency for Palestine refugees in Gaza
she described to my colleague siril
vaner how humanitarian relief in Gaza is
needed on an unprecedented
scale we've got um supplies for uh 12
days for food and water for those people
and but you know there's more than those
people that that are in our schools
there's people Sheltering in other
places there's people Sheltering with
family and friends so there's many more
displaced than are going to on schools
12 days of food and water that you have
left you say you have
170,000 people roughly uh closer to
180,000 I believe people in your
facilities are people continuing to
arrive yes they're arriving um they're
arriving they're scared they're coming
they're arriving overnight we it's
really difficult for our seral to get
numbers to get specific numbers until
the next day until we see what's
happening because you know roads are
blocked um
we don't we don't have du we don't have
telephone lines our VHS is down you know
um you know um we've had networks hit by
by by air strikes um it's not our
network but um we
we it's really difficult for us to know
on the ground what's happening out in
the areas and we're relying on our staff
our excellent staff who are going out
who themselves are refugees and they
might have lost their home they might
have themselves be in a shelter they
might have lost family and they're going
out doing their work they're providing
the services for refugees s we're
providing Health Services critical life
saving Health we're providing Mental
Health and Social Services for the
refugees who are in the shelters we're
also providing water well um which is
not drinking water but water well um
water for um in the camps and you know
we're doing what we can for the refugees
but it's really difficult difficult
times um and it's really an
unprecedented situation that we're
facing can any gazan uh family come and
seek shelter in the onor ra facilities
are are you turning anyone back we don't
turn anyone away um on the Do no harm
principle we we accept anyone they don't
have to be a refugee they can be a
non-refugee and we will not turn them
away from an Ona school all the
civilians um are welcome in our schools
to seek safety under the UN blue flag
and just before I let you go unra has
been through War Wars high intensity
Wars and periods of bombardment uh
before how does this compare to previous
Wars ah this doesn't even come close um
you know our own compound here where I'm
calling from we were we've been in a
bunker for six hours yesterday
completely bombarded around us um our
whole infrastructure here is just about
down um we and you know and we are we
are relatively safe here compared to the
to the people of Gaza this is just
um and and our staff and the people who
have been here a long time they're all
saying that this is unlike anything that
they've ever seen before the intensity
is is just unprecedented The Situation's
evolving it's ongoing and it could be
even going for a very a long time